do you give anything up for Lent is that
something that you do well it's
indicative of who you are people reflect
back to you who you are when they tell
you what you should give up for Lent you
get that so I'll say to my wife what
should I give up for Lent my wife is
like complaining wait just a daring that
story you're kind of complaining so you
know come on you won't do anything you
will you give anything up I try from
time to time you're Catholic yeah yeah
well me so am i and I'm and I try to
think of things a meaning of you like a
years ago I'd say give up cursing and
saying bad words I do pretty well for a
while you know and then you look at
these other girls let's get you even
Jesus would say under these
circumstances your parking spot you're
lucky circumstances I'm sure a year all
the time but I love it when you do
president drop I think it's big
whoever I never had my rifle thing I
never imitated him or anything to do it
Lauren call base if you want to do this
and I go no I don't want to be Trump on
TV and because anytime you have any kind
of mimicry it's usually somebody that
you appreciate your libation right they
said to me trumpet I didn't hate Trump I
just said I don't want to do that and
Tina and Lauren kind of pushed me and I
do it and you've seen SNL and the moment
the stage manager takes me to my mark
for the first dress rehearsal 8 o'clock
I had no idea what I was going to do
really I mean literally the moment I
walked outside I said to myself he kiddo
eyebrow up I tried to stick my face out
my mouth I was in the makeup room there
putting my wig on and I literally it was
like a scene from like a mental hospital
I'm gonna wait on me and I see the whole
thing like okay you don't think about
you shocked by that because I figured it
was something you've been doing I should
say I worked on it a month and we'll
know it's even more impressive that it
wasn't in my day around oh I'm Margo but
it's a guy who's on the internet who I
mean it's interesting how there are
people who now that he's not going to
the White House Correspondents Center
there are people who are lobbying to
play Trump at the White House
Correspondents Dinner
you are not one of those people I
wouldn't say I'm not lobbying but I mean
people people would say would you do it
and there's a couple guys on the
internet who are like no please I'm the
only man oh yeah they trumped yeah no
and they're really kind of is like a lot
of Trump competition you all and there's
no one will top you all know these guys
yeah well they say I suck nobody even
knows who these guys are don't worry but
I guess all bad were that cuz I gave it
a prevent but yeah but there was one
guy's Lobby
it's you mean however the president hate
seeing do it the most and that's
undoubtedly you I say say wouldn't you
love to be in that room with him
watching you do him and how mad that
must make him I mean it's like Kamiya
it's like he's some people say to me
what was your whole gag and you know as
well as I do because you're very funny
that you could kind of suggest the voice
or suggest the way they look but you got
to try to think of who he is
and I said this countless times like to
me Trump with someone who he's always
searching for a stronger better word and
he never find
whatever you do from justice there go
these people they're great people
they're fantastic people and I just want
to say working with them was any good
that's fantastic you could get ahead a
good day it's a very limited restaura
yes he's a pamphlet
do you fear running it well I guess you
don't run into the president I guess
it's not like with my assistant at demon
toluca in Manhattan getting a cup of
coffee I wanted to tell any cushion of
the playwright uh-huh and literally do
this all this stuff is like churning in
the media and Tony Kushner as much as it
goes
is this your taster I said we could try
to rub me out yeah no I don't think you
do that I think in fact in a way I think
you're safer now because he would
obviously be the first suspect if you
were to be if you were to be killed
don't worry I will launch an
investigation it'll start right at the
top let me just do another season of
match game so I could leave my kids
submit before you got to get the Trump
family well that's good I am Jimmy
Kimmel if you enjoyed the video hit
subscribe and if you don't click
Subscribe this invisible hamster will
die